# The assignment has all the working on the front-end. 

# As there is no use of global state(redux), we will lose the seat booked data on "Refresh".

# The assignment is done around "single-user-booking".

# Database structure(mongoDB)

Table 1 : User
            - id(generated by mongoose)
            - SeatsBooked : array


Table 2 : Seats
            -id (generated by mongoose)
            -number (seat number assigned by us as mongoose id are random)
            -userId (the id of user trying to book the seats)
            -status : string (booked or not) //css purpose


:- "User" DB will be initialized by process of login or on user's first booking.

:- To display all the seats in coach , query an api to get all_seats of "Seats" DB. The number of seats booked can  be shown directly. The seat number with no data in DB will be shown as "available to book".

:- To book seats against a user, query an api(with userId and number of seats as query parameter) to save data in "Seats" DB and update "User" DB with booked seat number/id. Each seat will have its own object saved seperately in Seats-DB.

:- To display booked seats against user , query an api to get data from "User" DB.


Example:

Seats : [{
    "_id": ObjectId("60a3d5f7b4c98e"),
    "number": 1,
    "userId": ObjectId("547bvsut5i7"),
    "status":"booked",
},
{
    "_id": ObjectId("457tfh56h567"),
    "number": 2,
    "userId": ObjectId("547bvsut5i7"),
    "status":"booked",
},
{
    "_id": ObjectId("457rtyh4647yt"),
    "number": 3,
    "userId": ObjectId("4356eryh6ujhf"),
    "status":"booked",
},]

User :[{
    "_id":"ObjectId('547bvsut5i7')",
    "SeatsBooked" : [1,2]
},
{
    "_id":"ObjectId('4356eryh6ujhf')",
    "SeatsBooked" : [3]
}
]


